(日本語訳は下部にあります)  
([Read on Grammarly](https://coda.grammarly.com/d/Why-would-anyone-want-to-cultivate-cancer-in-their-country_dkJ7SEHb1EN))

---

I have come to know that some of the crimes I have been suffering during my persecution are also happening to ordinary people in many countries—crimes often described as gang-stalking, technology crimes and others. While I cannot demand that anyone change anything, I would like to express my personal wish for every country, especially those where I hope to find a safe place to live with dignity.

Why would anyone want to cultivate cancer in their country?

As you can see from the online records I have kept throughout the years of persecution, I have said that the persecutors have been creating problems from nothing and then pretending to be problem solvers, hurting people for stupid reasons or no reason at all, and then framing the victims to cover up the crimes they committed. Why would anyone support such criminal behaviours rooted in twisted mentalities?

One of the most frightening aspects of this sickness is how easily it spreads. It involves getting ordinary people to participate in harassment or more serious crimes. Once involved, those who revel in power abuse become addicted, and even those who do not often cannot get out, either because they fear exposure for what they were manipulated into doing, or because human nature pushes them toward self-justification.

Imagine if those efforts were put into productivity. But no, they didn’t, they won’t, and they won’t even simply do nothing, but are hellbent to keep forcing their way into other people’s lives.

It’s like cells stop functioning normally, disrupt the normal ones, corrupt and multiply, and spread. I call it societal cancer.

Why would anyone want to cultivate cancer in their country?

---

私は、自分が迫害の中で苦しんできた犯罪のいくつかが、多くの国の一般の人々にも起きていることを知るようになりました――いわゆる集団ストーキング、テクノロジー犯罪などと呼ばれる犯罪です。私は誰かに何かを変えるよう要求することはできませんが、どの国にも私個人の願いを伝えたいと思っています。特に、私が尊厳をもって安全に暮らせる場所を見つけたいと願っている国々に対して。

なぜ誰もが、自分の国に癌を育てたいと思うのでしょうか？

私が迫害の年月を通して記録してきたオンラインの記録を見れば分かるように、私は、迫害者たちが無から問題を作り出し、問題解決者のふりをし、愚かな理由や理由もなく人々を傷つけ、そして自分たちが犯した犯罪を隠すために被害者を陥れてきたと述べてきました。なぜ誰もが、そのような歪んだ精神に根ざした犯罪行為を支持するのでしょうか。

この病の最も恐ろしい側面の一つは、どれほど簡単に広がるかということです。これは、一般の人々を嫌がらせやより深刻な犯罪に参加させることを含みます。一度関わってしまうと、権力乱用を楽しむ者たちは中毒になり、そうでない人々でさえしばしば抜け出せません。自分が操られて行ったことを暴かれることを恐れるか、人間の自己正当化の性質によって抜け出せなくなるからです。

もしその努力が生産性に向けられていたらどうでしょう。しかし現実には、彼らはそうしなかったし、しようともしないし、ただ何もしないということすらせず、他人の人生に無理やり入り込むことに執念を燃やしているのです。

それは、細胞が正常に機能しなくなり、正常な細胞を乱し、腐敗し増殖し、広がっていくようなものです。私はそれを社会的癌と呼びます。

なぜ誰もが、自分の国に癌を育てたいと思うのでしょうか？